Added the dateinput and timeinput widgets for toga/web (#2176)
beeware/toga: changes/2176.feature.rst

> Added the DateInput and TimeInput widgets implementations to the toga web project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DateInput and TimeInput widgets were added to the Web backend.
```
